Allow deducing flag name from option attribute name (#16040)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/markdown/Writing Plugins/rules-api/rules-api-subsystems.md

class ShellcheckSubsystem(Subsystem):
    options_scope = "shellcheck"
    help = "The Shellcheck linter."

    config_discovery = BoolOption(

>         "--config-discovery",

Reviewer: Should remove

The subsystem should now show up when you run `./pants help shellcheck`.

> 📘 `GoalSubsystem`
>
> As explained in [Goal rules](doc:rules-api-goal-rules), goals use a subclass of  `Subsystem`: `GoalSubsystem` from `pants.engine.goal`.
>
> `GoalSubsystem` behaves the same way as a normal subsystem, except that you set the class property `name` rather than `options_scope`. The `name` will auto-populate the `options_scope`.

### Option types

These classes correspond to the option types at [Options](doc:options).

> Every option type requires that you set the keyword argument `help`
> (and optionally specify the flag name, which defaults to the attribute name in kebab case).
> Most types require that you set `default`. You can optionally set `advanced=True` with every option
> for it to only show up with `help-advanced`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every option type requires that you set the keyword argument `help`.
Most types require that you set `default`. You can optionally set `advanced=True` with every option
for it to only show up with `help-advanced`.

The option name will default to the class attribute, e.g. `my_opt = StrOption()` will default to `--my-opt`.
You can instead pass a string positional argument, e.g. `my_opt = StrOption("--different-name")`.

```

These classes correspond to the option types at [Options](doc:options).

> Every option type requires that you set the keyword argument `help`.

Reviewer: Oh hm the `default` and `advanced` stuff looks deleted

Author: RIP
